Site Name: A Taste of Everywhere!

Navigation: Menu Highlights | How we Curate our Flights | What to Expect

--------------Menu Highlights---------------------------

From the UK
Yorkshire Pudding
Fish and Chips
Bangers and Mash
Yorkshire with Roast and Gravy
Cornish Pasty
Welsh Rarebit
Scotch Egg

From France
Brioche Dinner Rolls
Duck Confit
Croque Monsier
Cassoulet
Quiche Lorraine
Escargot
Ratatouille

From Italy
Garlic Bread
Risotto
Gnocchi
Prosciutto and Melon
Ribollita
Ravioli in Pesto
Cacio e Pepe

From India
Naan
Samosa
Chicken Tandoori
Murg Akbari
Karahol Gosht
Paneer Makhani
Butter Chicken

From Africa
Mealie Bread
Harira
Hawawshy
Red Red
Jollof
Matoke
Bobotie

From China
Scallion pancake
Dim Sum
Peking Duck
Kung Pao Chicken
Char Siu
Wonton Noodle Soup
Chef Choice Stir Fry

-------------------------How We Curate our Flights-----------------------

Each selection of plates from a specific region can be ordered as a flight to give you
a general taste of the region as determined by the foods the locals eat often or for
celebrations. The Chef may also propose named flights that take you on a world tour 
of a specific ingredient or cooking method. For example, slow cooked beans are found in
many parts of the world, and a flight may highlight how different cultures have treated
this basic ingredient and cooking method. Similarly, wrapping a minced filling in dough
is a common thread among Samosas, dim sum, ravioli, gyoza, empanadas and pasties. Feel 
free to find a thread among the small plate offerings and pull together your own flight!

--------------------What to Expect--------------------------------

A liesurely paced dinner with your partner or group! Our seats are deep and comfortable, our
lighting low and augmented with fireplaces and candles. Traveling the world culinarily should not
be rushed. We are a bring your own bottle establishment, so start off by giving us your bottles
and we will chill and serve accordingly. Our dishes can be ordered individually and gradually
over the course of your evening or you can order from the curated flights. When ordering flights
the plates will not come out all at one time. We want you to be able to enjoy the taste in front of 
you without other plates getting cold. You may want to order a bread basket if you don't want an
empty table, even for a few minutes. The other advantage is you can use the bread to get every last
drop of flavor off the plate!


Most images courtesy of ChefsPencil.com
